this project is a novice coders work, it is by no means perfect. you only need the dist folder if you wish to use this tool. all dependencies and resources the exe uses are inside it. ensure your chrome browser is version 113. if not, you may change the chromedriver inside the folder chromedriver_win32 to the version you desire. a project i decided to do because i really wanted to archive my songs but online converters could not do the job for an entire playlist or liked page. written in python and makes use of python libraries such as selenium, bs4 and pyside6, it uses a chrome browser instance to simulate your soundcloud liked page to load all dynamic elements and scrape and download your liked songs straight to your computer. this tool can scrape and download songs from either your liked track page, an album playlist, or a user created playlist. if you hate soundcloud artists always privating and deleting their songs, archive them. im sure you fellow data hoarders will like this one. not sure why there is a random command prompt that comes when running the exe but i guess its a feature now. the project does not contain any malware. i have no reason to do so and if you do not trust this, run it in a vm, or scan it using an antivirus software. the code is completely open source feel free to take a look. feedback is welcome, but im not sure if i will update it as it does as i need it to, download my liked tracks to my computer.

requirements: chrome version 113.
issues: sometimes, antivirus software will block the tool from running. avast for me tends to move the exe to quarantine. you can either make an exception, or remove shields for however long you use the tool. ensure the link you input is correct. the browser may load a link that doesnt exist. ensure that playlists are not private. also, slow internet connections may cause the automated navigation algorithm to scroll faster than what the dynamic elements can load. this may not update the html properly and soup wont be able to scrape it. you do not have to specify a path if you do not have a songs folder and you wish to use the default path. it will be automatically created when run for the first time before download.
